Add svvy.sh to readme (#97)
shazow/whatsabi: README.md

* [abi.w1nt3r.xyz](https://abi.w1nt3r.xyz/) - A frontend for whatsabi by [@w1nt3r_eth](https://twitter.com/w1nt3r_eth) - https://github.com/w1nt3r-eth/abi.w1nt3r.xyz
* [ethcmd.com](https://www.ethcmd.com/) - Contract explorer frontend, [uses whatsabi for unverified contracts](https://github.com/verynifty/ethcmd)
* [monobase.xyz](https://monobase.xyz) - Universal frontend, [uses whatsabi for unverified contracts](https://twitter.com/nazar_ilamanov/status/1659648915195707392)

> * [savvy](https://svvy.sh/) - A contract executor ui that uses whatsabi to fetch and execute cintracts against an in browser devnet

Author: ```suggestion
* [savvy](https://svvy.sh/) - A contract executor ui that uses whatsabi to fetch abis and execute contract methods against an in browser devnet built by [0xpolarzero](https://x.com/0xpolarzero?s=21&t=ZtDaR85ib6evdD45FLpEmQ)
```
